Maltego
Maltego is a very powerful data mining
tool
that offers an endless combination of
search tools and strategies.
Maltego's learning curve can be steep,
and it is frankly overkill for this
module,
but its impressive capability warrants
an introduction.
Maltego searches thousands of online data
sources, and uses extremely clever
“transforms” to convert one piece of
information into another.
For example, if we are performing a user
information gathering campaign,
we could submit an email address, and
through various automated searches,
“transform” that into an associated phone
number or street address.
During an organizational information
gathering exercise,
we could submit a domain name and
“transform” that into a web server,
then a list of email addresses, then a
list of associated social media accounts,
and then into a potential password list
for that email account.
The combinations are endless, and
the discovered information is presented
in a scaleable graph that allows easy
zoom-and-pan navigation.
Maltego Community Edition or Maltego CE
is included in Kali and requires a free
registration to use.